[ActionList.Item] Deprecate badge, icon and image props (#5894)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/silent-sheep-protect.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> [ActionList.Item] Deprecate badge, icon and image props

Reviewer: We may need stronger conventions around how we want these formatted. I saw sentence case, natural language in our docs I think. I guess that could mean different things to different people

> [ActionList.Item] Deprecate badge, icon and image props

Author: ```suggestion
Deprecated `badge`, `icon` and `image` props in ActionList.Item as the `prefix` and `suffix` properties can replace them.
```
